# Wooster Trading Systems

This is just a landing page for the site that hosts system statistics and results. More info to come. For now, follow updates on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/PreritDas).

View system results. Enter the system name, ex. Wooster One or Wooster ThirtyTwo. If you get a 404 page, barring other errors, the strategy you queried doesn't yet exist.


SCRIPT GOES HERE.
```html
<input type="text" id="systemID"><br><br>

<button id="stats" name="stats" type="submit" onclick="statsPage()">Performance Metrics</button>
<button id="plot" name="plot" type="submit" onclick="plotPage()">Interactive Plot</button>

<script>
function statsPage() {
  var id = document.getElementById("systemID").value;
  id = id.toLowerCase()
    .split(' ')
    .map((s) => s.charAt(0).toUpperCase() + s.substring(1))
    .join(' ')
    .trim();
  window.open(`https://wooster.preritdas.com/stats/${id}.html`);
}

function plotPage() {
  var id = document.getElementById("systemID").value;
  id = id.toLowerCase()
    .split(' ')
    .map((s) => s.charAt(0).toUpperCase() + s.substring(1))
    .join(' ')
    .trim();
  window.open(`https://wooster.preritdas.com/plots/${id}.html`);
}
</script>
```

## Philosophy

It doesn't take new traders long to realize how genuinely difficult it is to make trading _worth it_. That is, worth the time, risk, mental energy, and effort, due to the uncertainty and unreliability. If earning reliable, consistent profits was easy, everyone would do it, and none of them would succeed. Such is the nature of any market. A skillful low timeframe strategy capitalizes on found inefficiencies. If these inefficiencies become widely known, arbitragers and deep-pocketed veterans will render them nonexistent. By definition. 

What does this amount to? A deceiving landscape, where many can't distinguish between a strategy that made money because it was lucky _this_ time, and a strategy that made money because it was blessed to skillfully capitalize on self-correcting inefficiencies. 

By iterating through combinations and ideas generated by proprietary trading experience and the use of tools and models I've built over time, I hope to come as close as I can to a strategy that fits the bill. That is:

- Profit factor greater than 3
- Sharpe ratio above 2
- Sortino ratio above 2
- SQN (system quality number) above 5
- Less than 5% annual drawdown
- Maximum of 4,000 trades per year

Anyone with a shred of sense would _kill_ for an algorithmic system that meets _all_ the criteria. I simply hope to come as close as I can, while having fun along the way. 
